---
layout: post
title:  "AAI Recruitment 2018 Apply Online (Junior Assistant 170 Vacancies)"
date:   2017-12-15 09:59:46 +0530
categories: other-india
---

Airports Authority of India (AAI) invites Online Applications from the eligible western region candidates for recruitment of Junior Assistant (Fire Service) for fill up 170 Vacancies at various airports in the Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh & Goa states in Western Region. The last date for submission of online applications is 31st December 2017.

Advertisement No. DR-01/11/2017/WR

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>   
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
      <td>Age Limit</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Junior Assistant (Fire Services)</td>
      <td>170</td>   
      <td>₹ 12500 - 28500/-</td>
      <td>18 to 30 Years as on 31.12.2017 (Relaxation as per Rules)</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>


Essential Qualifications:

(1) Educational Qualification - Minimum 10th Class / Xth Std Pass with 03 years approved regular Diploma in Mechanical / Automobile / Fire with minimum 50% marks [OR] Regular Matric with 12th Class Pass with 50% marks.


(2) Driving License - Valid Heavy Vehicle Driving (HVD) License; (OR) Valid Medium Vehicle Driving License issued at least one year before 31st December 2017; (OR) Valid Light Motor Vehicle Driving License issued at least two years before 31st December 2017.
Eligibility: Only candidate who are domicile of Maharashtra, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh and Goa can apply.

Selection Process: Written Examination (Computer Based Online Test), Certificate / Documents Verification, Medical Fitness / Physical Measurement Test, Driving Test and Physical Endurance Test.

Application Fee: Candidates belonging to OBC and General are required to pay ₹ 1000/- only (including Taxes as Applicable). The fee pay through Online Payment Gateway (HDFC Pay U) using Debit Card/Credit Card/Net Banking Only.

How to Apply: Eligible applicants may apply online through AAI Recruitment Portal. Applicant should sign up first with their valid E-mail ID and Mobile Number. On signing up, the Password and login ID will be sent to the registered Email ID and Mobile Number provided by the candidate. The last date for submission of online application is 31/12/2017 up to 23:59 Hours.

Help Desk: For any queries / clarification email to aaijafireserviceswr@gmail.com or Contact Phone No: 18002660793 (From 10 AM to 5 PM).

[Dettailed Notification](https://www.aai.aero/sites/default/files/examdashboard_advertisement/Advertisement-Jr.Asst_.%20%28Fire%20Services%29-AAI-WR.pdf)

[Online Application Link](https://cdn.digialm.com//EForms/configuredHtml/1258/54063//Instruction.html)



