---
layout: post
title:  "EIL Recruitment 2017-2018 Apply Online (234 Vacancies)"
date:   2017-11-26 15:46:46 +0530
categories: other-india
---

Engineers India Limited (EIL) (A Govt. of India Undertaking) invites online applications for engagement as Apprentices (Trade Apprentice and Technician Apprentice) under Apprentices Act, 1961 as amended from time to time. Th last date for submission of EIL Apprentice 2017-2018 application is 28th November 2017.

Advertisement No:HRD/RECT/ADVT./2017-18/06

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>Total Vacancies</td>
      <td>Vacancy Trade / Discipline</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Trade Apprentices</td>
      <td>179</td>
      <td>Accountant - 10, HR Assistant - 14, Draftsman Civil - 17, Draftsman Mechanical - 17, Draftsman Electrical - 05, Secretarial Assistant - 18, Stenographer - 14, Receptionist - 08, Lab Assistant - 15, Architectural Assistant - 10, Steward - 07, Library Assistant - 05, Horticulture Assistant - 03, House-keeper corporate - 14, Cabin / Room Attendant - 22.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Technician Apprentices</td>
      <td>50</td>
      <td>Civil - 10, Mechanical - 10, Electrical - 05, Chemical - 10, Architecture - 05, Electronics & Instrumentation / Instrumentation and Control Engineering - 05, Computer Engineering/ Computer Science/ Information Technology - 05.</td>
    </tr>
 </table>
</div>

Age Limit: Candidate should not be less than 18 Years of age as on 28/11/2017.

Stipend:

(a) The Trade apprentices are eligible for monthly stipend during their period of engagement which is subject to the periodic revision in minimum wages as applicable to particular location. 


(b) Present stipend for apprentices posted for training in Delhi/ NCR will be ranging from ₹ 10,000/- ₹ 14000/- depending upon qualification and discipline in line with the Apprentices Act., however, the stipend for Apprentices in other locations may vary based on the minimum wages of the location for semi-skilled workers. 
(c) Technician Apprentices will be paid a stipend equivalent to Trade Apprentices. 
(d) The Apprentice Trainees shall not be entitled to any other benefit / facilities / allowances apart from the consolidated stipend. The trainee is not eligible for any TA-DA/Boarding or Lodging expenses incurred during the period of training. EIL will not provide any assistance towards transportation.
Educational Qualifications: [from a recognized University/ Institute as a regular full time course]

Accountant -> Graduate Degree (B.Com).

HR Assistant -> Graduate Degree (BA / BBA).

Library Assistant -> BA / B.Com / B.Sc. Degree.

Horticulture Assistant / House Keeper Corporate / Cabin/ Room Attendant -> 10th Class / Matriculation Pass.

Trade Apprentices (for all other posts) -> ITI in concerned / required trade.

Technician Apprentices -> Diploma in Concerned Engineering Discipline.

Selection Methods:

(1) Trade/ Discipline wise merit list will be drawn based on the percentage of marks obtained in the qualifying exam. 
(2) Highest qualification in a trade/discipline will be given preference. 
(3) Candidates, registered with Board of Apprenticeship Training (BOAT), Regional Directorate of Apprentice Training (RDAT), shall be given preference. 
(4) Wherever CGPA/CPI or other grades in qualifying examination is awarded, equivalent % of marks should be indicated in the application as per norms adopted by concerned University / Institute. The candidate shall be required to submit a certificate to this effect from the University/Institute at the time of reporting, in case of selection.

How to Apply: Eligible candidates need to apply through on-line registration system on EIL website. The last date for submission of EIL Apprentices Recruitment 2017-18 online application is 28/11/2017 up to 23:59 Hours.

[Detailed Advertisement](http://recruitment.eil.co.in/hrdnew/others/Final%20Detailed%20Advertisement%20-Engagement%20of%20Apprentices.pdf)

[Apply Online](http://recruitment.eil.co.in/)


Engineers India Limited (EIL) (A Government of India Undertaking) is looking for qualified, experienced, motivated and dynamic professionals (Persons with Disabilities Only) for the post of Finance and Accounts Officer, Engineers and Draftsman. The last date for submission of online applications is 15th December 2017.

SPECIAL RECRUITMENT DRIVE FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES (HRD/Rectt./Advt./2017-18/05)

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Post Name</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Age Limit</td>
      <td>Emoluments</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Finance & Accounts Officer</td>
      <td>02</td>
      <td>38 Years</td>
      <td>₹ 24900 - 50500/-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Engineer – Mechanical</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>38 Years</td>
      <td>₹ 24900 - 50500/-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Engineer – Environmental Engineering</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>38 Years</td>
      <td>₹ 24900 - 50500/-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Draftsman – Mechanical</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>48 Years</td>
      <td>₹ 14800 - 40500/-</td>
    </tr>
 </table>
</div>


Educational Qualifications:

Finance & Accounts -> Candidate should be a Graduate in any discipline with CA/CWA with minimum 55% marks or equivalent CGPA/CPI. 1 Year post qualification experience in the field of financial vetting or / and accounts keeping. Besides above he / she may be associated in preparation of budget, direct / indirect taxes and related activities, payroll and expense settlements, Treasury and Fund Management.

Mechanical -> BE/ B.Tech/ B.Sc. (Engg.) in Mechanical discipline with minimum 65% marks or eqv. CGPA/ CPI and ME/ M.Tech/ M.Sc. (Engg.) in Machine Design/ Machine Dynamics/ Applied Mechanics with minimum 65% marks or eqv. CGPA/ CPI.


Environmental Engineering -> BE/ B. Tech/ B.Sc. (Engg.) in Chemical discipline with minimum 65% marks or eqv. CGPA/ CPI and ME/M.Tech/ M.Sc. (Engg.) in Environmental Engg./ Science discipline with minimum 65% marks or eqv. CGPA/ CPI.

Draftsman (Mechanical) -> Diploma in Mechanical Engineering with minimum 65% marks or eqv. CGPA/ CPI from an Institute duly recognized by AICTE. (AND) 12 years post qualification experience in drafting (Mechanical) with Experience in drafting in AutoCad. Experience in SmartPlant and/or Microstation for drafting of Piping & Instrumentation Diagrams will be preferred.
 
Selection Process: Interview for Engineer and Officer posts; Skill Test for Draftsman post.

How to Apply: Eligible candidates need to apply through on-line registration system on EIL website. The closing date for submission of online registration is 15/12/2017 up to 23:59 Hours.

[Detailed Advertisement](http://recruitment.eil.co.in/hrdnew/others/FINAL%20ONLINE%20detailed%20advertisement.pdf)

[Apply Online](http://recruitment.eil.co.in/)
