---
layout: post
title:  "Maharashtra Postal Circle Recruitment 2018 Gramin Dak Sevaks 284 Vacancies"
date:   2017-12-02 14:48:46 +0530
categories: maharashtra
---

Maharashtra Postal Circle invites Online applications from eligible candidates for the selection and engagement of Gramin Dak Sevaks (GDS) for fill up 284 Vacancies under Maharashtra Circle. The closing date for online registration is 30th December 2017.



<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Gramin Dak Sevaks (GDS)</td>
      <td>284 (Chandrapur Division)</td>
    </tr>  
 </table>
</div>


Age Limit: Minimum 18 Years and Maximum 40 Years as on 1st December. The Upper Age Relaxation - 03 Years for OBC, 05 Years for SC / ST and 10 Years for PH Category Candidates.

Educational Qualification: The candidate should pass 10th standard / Matriculation from approved state boards by the respective State Govt. / Central Govt. No weightage will be given for possessing any qualification(s) higher than the mandatory educational qualification. The Candidate passed Xth class examination in first attempt will be treated as meritorious against those passed compartmentally.

Computer Knowledge: The candidate should have computer knowledge and will be required to furnish basic computer training certificate for at least 60 days from a recognized Computer Training Institute. Certificates from Central Government/ State Government/ University/ Boards etc., will also be acceptable for this purpose. This requirement of basic computer knowledge certificate shall be relaxable in cases where a candidate has studied computer as a subject in Class X or Class XII or higher educational qualification provided the candidate submits a certificate of Class X or Class XII or higher educational qualification in which he/she has studied computer as a subject.

Job Residence: The candidate selected for the post of GDS BPM must mandatorily take up his/her residence in the Branch Post Office village in UP State within one month after selection but before engagement as Gramin Dak Sevak Branch Postmaster. The candidate shall submit a declaration to this effect in the application. The candidate selected for the post of other than GDS BPM should reside in post village/ delivery jurisdiction.

Furnishing of Security: The candidate applying for the post shall note that he/she shall furnish security amount of ₹ 25,000/- in the event of his/her engagement for the post of BPM and ₹ 10,000/- for other categories. The security shall be in the form of Fidelity Guarantee bond or National Savings Certificate pledged to the Department of Posts in the name of the President of India.

Selection Process: Selection will be made as per the automatic generated merit list based on the candidates online submitted applications. The selection purely based on 10th Standard Marks, but No weightage will be given for higher educational qualification. In case candidates get the same marks, the merit order would be taken as DOB(higher age as merit), ST female, SC female, OBC female, UR female, ST Male, SC Male, OBC male, UR male.

Application Fee: Candidates belonging to General (OC / UR) and OBC Male Category are required to pay a fee of ₹ 100/- for each set of 05 Options. The Candidate who requires to make the payment has to visit any identified Post Offices in the circle where online notification is current to make the payment. Names of the offices are available in the AP Post website. There is no fee for SC, ST, PWD (PH) Category and All Women Candidates.

How to Apply: Candidate who desires to apply online will have to register himself / herself in the India Post Portal / AP Post Portal. The last date for submission of online registration is 30/12/2017.

Help Desk: Help Desk number for Maharastra Circle - 022-22620630. All queries of candidates may be mailed to adpsestmah@gmail.com and queries related to website may be given to dopgdsenquiry@gmail.com.


[Download Notification, Registration, Apply Online](http://appost.in/gdsonline/)

