---
layout: post
title:  "Rajasthan High Court Recruitment 2017-18 Civil Judge (35 Vacancies)"
date:   2017-12-02 08:47:46 +0530
categories: rajasthan
---

Rajasthan High Court, Jodhpur invites online applications for recruitment vacancy of Civil Judge for fill up 35 posts. The closing date for submission online registration is 18th December 2017.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Civil Judge</td>
      <td>35 (Current – 31, Backlog – 04)</td>
    </tr>  
 </table>
</div>


Age Limit: 23 to 35 Years as on 1st January 2018.


Pay Scale: ₹ 27700 - 770 - 33090 - 920 - 40450 - 1080 - 44770/-

Educational Qualification: Professional Graduate of Bachelor's of Law (BL) from any recognized University established by law in India and recognized as such under the Advocates Act, l961.

Application Fee: ₹ 550/- for OBC Category Candidates of Rajasthan State, ₹ 300/- for SC / ST / PWD Category Candidates of Rajasthan State, ₹ 850/- for General and Other State candidates. The fee should be made through Online payment mode using Net Banking / Credit or Debit Card etc.

Selection Process: The Examination scheme for recruitment to the cadre of Civil Judge shall consist of (1) Competitive Preliminary Examination (Objective Type), (2) Written Main Examination (Subjective Type) and (3) Interview.

How to Apply: Eligible candidates must have valid SSO Credentials (ID and Password) to apply for the post. Recruitment Application shall be available in Single Sign On (SSO) system of Government of Rajasthan. The Candidates who do not possess SSO login ID and Password shall have to register themselves. The last date for submission of online registration is 21/12/2017.



[Detailed Notice](http://hcraj.nic.in/recruitment/CJC-17.pdf)


[SSO Online Application](https://www.sso.rajasthan.gov.in/signin)

