---
layout: post
title:  "BMRCL Recruitment 2018 Apply Online 80 Civil Engineers Vacancies"
date:   2017-12-02 11:48:46 +0530
categories: karnataka
---

BMRCL Bangalore has published employment notification for recruitment of Civil Engineers on Contract Basis. BMRCL invites online applications from eligible Indian Nationals for recruitment of Graduate Engineer (Civil) for filling up 80 Vacancies in the Project Wing of BMRCL. The last date for submission of online applications is 15th December 2017.

Advertisement No.  NO. BMRCL/ 166 / ADM/ 2017 /PRJ


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Maximum Age</td>
      <td>Consolidated Remuneration</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Graduate Engineer (Civil)</td>
      <td>80</td>
      <td>35 Years</td>
      <td>₹ 25000/- Per Month</td>
    </tr>  
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualification: Engineering Graduate in Civil Discipline from Government Recognized University / Institute.

Examination Fee: ₹ 400/- for SC / ST Category Candidates; ₹ 900/- for General (GM), Cat I, Cat II a, Cat IIb, Cat IIIa, Cat III b candidates.

Selection Process: The Recruitment process will be made strictly as per merit, on the basis of Written Examination. Short listed candidates will be called for verification of the original documents and Kannada test. The written test will be conducted by the Karnataka Examinations Authority and will be held on Sunday the 28th January 2018.

How to Apply: Eligible Interested candidates are required to apply online through BMRCL Website. The last date for submission of online applications is 15/12/2017 up to 6:00 PM.

For any doubts or difficulty in filling up the application online, candidates may contact BMRCL Help Desk at helpdesk@bmrc.co.in or 080 22969200 during office hours on all the working days.


[Detailed Instruction](http://english.bmrc.co.in/FileUploads/accc31_CareerFiles.pdf)

[Other Details](http://english.bmrc.co.in/Career)


[Apply Online](http://contractrecruit.bmrc.co.in/)

