---
layout: post
title:  "NFL Recruitment 2017-2018 Engineers, Managers (55 Vacancies)"
date:   2017-11-26 15:47:46 +0530
categories: other-india
---

National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) is looking for technically qualified, dynamic and result oriented experienced professionals for requirement of Experienced Technical Professionals such as Engineers, Managers and Senior Managers in various disciplines for its various Offices / Units. The last date for submission of online applications is 27th November 2017.

Advertisement No.: 5/2017


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Engineer</td>
      <td>44 (Chemical - 25, Mechanical - 15, Electrical - 06, Instrumentation - 04, Civil - 04)</td>
      <td>₹ 16400 - 40500</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Manager</td>
      <td>08 (Electrical)</td>
      <td>₹ 29100 - 50500</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Senior Manager</td>
      <td>03 (Materials)</td>
      <td>₹ 32900 - 58000</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualification and Experience:

Engineer (Chemical) ->

(1) Minimum 60% marks in Engineering Degree (B.Tech./ B.E./ B.Sc. Engg.)/ in Chemical Engineering / Chemical Technology from Recognized Institute (OR) AMIE in Chemical Engineering (OR) Minimum 60% Marks in Full time / regular Diploma in Chemical Engineering.


(2) For Degree Holders - Minimum 01 year post qualification experience as on 30.11.2017 in operation of DCS based Fertilizer / Continuous process chemical / Petro-Chemical Plant. For Diploma Holders - Minimum 11 years’ experience in operation of Heavy Chemical 
and/or Fertilizers Plants.
Engineer (Mechanical) ->

(1) Minimum 60% marks in Engineering Degree (B.Tech./ B.E./ B.Sc. Engg.)/ in Mechanical Engineering from recognized Institute (OR) AMIE in Mechanical Engineering. 
(2) Minimum 01 year post qualification inlin experience as on 30.11.2017.

Engineer (Electrical) ->

(1) Minimum 60% marks in Engineering Degree (B.Tech./ B.E./ B.Sc. Engg.)/ in Electrical Engineering from recognized Institute OR AMIE in Electrical Engineering. 
(2) Minimum 01 year post qualification inline experience as on 30.11.2017.

Engineer (Electrical) ->

(1) Minimum 60% marks in Engineering Degree (B.Tech./ B.E./ B.Sc. Engg.)/ in Electrical Engineering from recognized Institute (OR) AMIE in Electrical Engineering. 
(2) Minimum 01 year post qualification inline experience as on 30.11.2017.

Engineer (Instrumentation) ->

(1) Minimum 60% marks in Engineering Degree (B.Tech./ B.E./ B.Sc. Engg.)/ in Instrumentation / Electronics & Communication / Instrumentation & Electronics / Electronics & Electrical Engineering from recognized Institute (OR) AMIE in Electronics & Communication Engineering. 
(2) Minimum 01 year post qualification inline experience as on 30.11.2017.

Engineer (Civil) ->

(1) Minimum 60% marks in Degree (B. Tech./ B.E.) in Civil Engineering from recognized Institute OR AMIE in Civil Engineering. 
(2) Minimum 01 year post qualification inline regular or direct contractual experience in PSU/ Govt. Organization/ Large Private Company (preferably in fertilizers or petrochemical sector).

Manager (Electrical) ->

(1) Minimum 60% marks in Engineering Degree (B.Tech./B.E./B.Sc. Engg.)/ in Electrical Engineering from recognized Institute OR AMIE in Electrical Engineering. 
(2) Minimum 09 years post qualification inline experience as on 30.11.2017 in construction/maintenance of HT & LT power distribution system, HT synchronous and induction motors, large transformers, protection systems etc. in Fertilizer / Continuous process chemical / Petro-Chemical Industry. Candidate should be conversant with testing of motors / transformers / relays, computer, spares procurement, budgeting, latest maintenance practices etc. and must be computer literate.

Senior Manager (Materials) ->

(1) Minimum 60% marks in Engineering Degree (B.Tech./B.E./B.Sc. Engg.)/ from recognized University / Institute. Candidates with additional qualification of Post Graduate Diploma in Materials Management or MBA may be given preference. 
(2) Minimum 13 years post qualification inline experience as on 30.11.2017 in a responsible position in directing, organizing and controlling Materials Management activities such as purchasing, inventory control, materials inspection, Store-keeping, material handling, transportation, packing, import management, import substitution, Valve engineering, spare parts control, etc. preferably in a Heavy Chemical Industry.

Application Fee: A Non - refundable application fee of ₹ 700/- for Engineers and ₹ 1,000 for Managers and Senior Managers. The fee is payable vide Demand Draft (DD) in favour of National Fertilizers Limited payable at New Delhi. There is no fee for SC/ ST/ ExSM/ PwD/ Departmental candidates. The name, address, post code number, name of the post applied for and unique application number should invariably be mentioned on the reverse of the demand draft.


Selection Process: Shortlisted candidates will be called for Personal Interview.

How to Apply: Eligible Interested candidates should apply online through NFL Website. The last date for submission of online applications is 15/12/2017 up to 17:30 Hours.

The copy of online submitted application form alongwith self-attested copies of certificates regarding date of birth, qualifications (division and percentage of marks obtained, year of passing), post qualification inline work-experience (including position held, name of the employers with complete address, nature of duties, period of service, scale of pay, salary drawn) copy of SC/ST/OBC/PwD certificate issued in the prescribed proforma (if applicable), CTC proof for requisite duration of period (FORM - 16) and demand draft should reach to "Deputy General Manager (HR), National Fertilizers Limited, A-11, Sector-24, Noida, District Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh - 201301". The last date of receipt of complete applications is 27/12/2017, However, closing date for receipt of applications of candidates residing in far-flung area i.e. Assam, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Manipur, Nagaland, Tripura, Sikkim, Ladakh Division of J&K State, Lahaul & Spiti District & Pangi Sub-Division of Chamba District of Himachal Pradesh, Union Territory of Andaman & Nicobar Islands & Lakshadweep is 03/01/2018. The postal cover envelope in a sealed envelope cover super-scribed with "Application for the post of ______, Post Code No.______".

[Detailed Notification](http://www.nationalfertilizers.com/images/pdf/career/noida/TEP_FINAL.pdf)

[Apply Online](http://nfl.co.in/mt2018/)

National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) Noida invites applications from experienced professionals for the following Managerial, Additional Company Secretary and Medical Officer. The last date for submission of applications is 30th September 2017.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancy</td>
      <td>Scale of Pay</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Deputy General Manager (Law) / Chief Manager (law)</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>₹ 43200 - 66000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Additional Company Secretary</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>₹ 36600 - 62000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Senior Manager (FIA)</td>
      <td>04</td>
      <td>₹ 36600 – 62000 / ₹ 32900 - 58000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Assistant Manager (Law)</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>₹ 32900 - 58000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Medical Officer</td>
      <td>04</td>
      <td>₹ 20600 - 46500</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Officer (CS)</td>
      <td>02	</td>
      <td>₹ 16400 - 40500</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualifications:

Law -> Regular/ Full time Graduate with a degree in Law or a Law Graduate who has passed 05 years integrated law course from a recognized university in India.

Additional Company Secretary -> Full time Graduate in any discipline and should have passed the final examination of Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) and should be an Associate/ Fellow Member of ICSI. Preference will be given to graduate degree in Law (LLB).
 
F&A -> Member of Institute of Charted Accountants or Cost Accountants of India (CA/CMA) or Two years full time MBA with specialization in Finance (Candidates with dual specialization or General MBA shall not be eligible to apply. MBA specialization should be clearly indicated either on the marks sheet or certificate).

Medical Officer -> MBBS degree with 60% marks.

Officer (CS) -> Should have passed the final examination of the Institute of the Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) and member of ICSI. Preference will be given to candidates having graduate degree in Law.

Post Qualification Experience: 19 Years for DGM; 16 Years for Chief Manager, Additional Company Secretary; 13 Years for Senior Manager; 02 Years for Assistant Manager; 01 Year for Medical Officer and Officer (CS).

Application Fee (A Non-Refundable): ₹ 1000/- for DGM, Chief Manager, Additional Company Secreatary and Senior Manager posts; ₹ 600/- for Assistant Manager, Medical Officer and Officer posts. SC/ ST/ PwD/ ExSM/ Departmental candidates are exempted from payment of application fee. A demand draft in favour of National Fertilizers Limited payable at New Delhi.

Selection Process: Personal Interview.

How to Apply: Application in the prescribed proforma along with self-attested copies of certificates regarding date of birth, qualifications (division and percentage of marks obtained, year of passing), post qualification inline work-experience (including position held, name of the employers with complete address, nature of duties, period of service, scale of pay, salary drawn) copy of SC/ST/OBC/PwD certificate issued in the prescribed proforma (if applicable), CTC proof for requisite duration of period (FORM - 16), declaration to be considered for lower post (only for post code No. 01 & 03) and Demand Draft (DD) should reach in a sealed envelope cover super-scribed with "Application for the post of _______, Post Code No._________" at the following address: "Deputy General Manager (HR), National Fertilizers Limited, A-11, Sector-24, Noida, District Gautam Budh Nagar, Uttar Pradesh - 201301". The last date of receipt of applications will be 15/09/2017. The last date for receipt of applications for all the posts has been extended from 15/09/2017 to 30/09/2017.

National Fertilizers Limited (NFL), Noida (Uttar Pradesh) is looking for dynamic, result oriented and experienced professionals for recruitment of Assistant Manager in Marketing. The Last date for receipt of application is 28th April 2017. Further to recruitment notification No. 1/2017 dated 27/03/2017, number of posts, educational qualification & CTC Criteria and clause No. 09 of General Instructions have been modified.

Notification No. : 1/2017


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Designation</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Maximum Age Limit</td>
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Assistant Manager (Marketing)</td>
      <td>10</td>
      <td>40 Years</td>
      <td>₹ 20600 - 46500 (E-2)</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>



Minimum Educational Qualification:

(1) Minimum 60% marks in 02 Years' full time MBA or PGDBM course recognized as equivalent to MBA by UGC/AICTE with specialization in Marketing/ Agri Business Marketing/ International Marketing/ Rural Management (OR) Minimum 60% marks in 02 years' full time M.Sc. Post Graduate (Agriculture) with specialization in any discipline. (WITH) 
(2) Full time regular degree of B.Sc. (Agriculture) with minimum 60% marks.

Minimum Work Experience: Minimum 02 years' post qualification in line marketing experience in the pay scale of ₹ 16400 - 40500 (IDA) or equivalent pay scale in PSU/ Govt. Organization/ Private Company in Fertilizers/ Agri Business (including Seed/ Agro Chemicals/ Bio-Fertilizers Marketing). PSU or Govt. candidates presently working in the pay scale of ₹ 20600 - 46500 (IDA) with two years' in line executive experience may also apply. Candidates from private sector should have minimum two years' of experience at a CTC of ₹ 7.82 lakhs.

Selection Process: Shortlisted candidates will be called for Personal Interview. However, in case large numbers of applications are received for a post, Management reserves a right to conduct a written test before short listing candidates for interview.

Application Fee: A Demand Draft (DD) of ₹ 700/- in favour of National Fertilizers Limited payable at New Delhi.

How to Apply: Application on plain paper attaching therewith bio-data & address (including contact number & e-mail id) giving details in tabulated form together with self-attested copies of certificates regarding age, date of birth, qualifications (division and percentage of marks obtained, year of passing), post qualification experience (including position held, name of the employers with complete address, nature of duties, period of service, scale of pay, salary drawn) along with self-attested copy of SC/ ST/ OBC/ PWD certificate issued in the prescribed proforma and application fee (DD) should reach Dy. General Manager (HR), National Fertilizers Limited (A Govt. of India Undertaking) A-11, Sector-24, Noida - 201 301, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar (UP) Phone: 0120-2412294, 2412445 latest by 28/04/2017. The Last date of receipt of applications is 01/08/2017. Those candidates with who have already applied need not apply again.



National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) is looking for dynamic & result oriented candidates for recruitment of Accounts Officers for filling up 15 Vacancies for its various offices / Units across the country. The NFL Accounts Officers Recruitment 2017 Online registration start from 17th May 2017 and close on 7th June 2017.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Designation</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Maximum Age Limit</td>
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Accounts Officers</td>
      <td>15</td>
      <td>30 years as on 31.05.2017 and for departmental candidates it is 45 years as on 31.05.2017.</td>
      <td>₹ 16400­ - 40500 (E-1)</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>

Qualification and Experience:

(1) Chartered Accountant (CA) / Cost & Management Accountant. (OR) Full time / Regular MBA with specialization in Financial Management with Ist class or 60% marks from a recognized University / Institute. 
(2) Minimum 01 year post qualification experience in dealing with Accounting and financial matters, budgeting / taxation.

Registration Fee: Candidates are required to deposit registration fee of ₹ 700/- while applying online for the above post.

Selection Process: Online Test and Interview.

About Online Test -> Eligible candidates will be required to appear for ONLINE objective type test at any one of the centre at Bhopal, Chandigarh, Delhi NCR, Lucknow, Hyderabad or Patna. The online test will have two parts, Discipline related and Aptitude related. Medium of Test will be in Hindi and English. Duration of test will be 2 hours. The total number of questions will be 150, of one mark each, out of which 100 questions would be from mix of course curriculum of CA/ICWA/MBA(Finance) and 50 questions from General English, Quantitative Aptitude, Reasoning & General Knowledge / Awareness.

About Personal Interview -> The candidates who are shortlisted by NFL based on Online Test score will be called for personal interview.

How to Apply: Eligible and interested candidates would be required to apply online only through NFL Careers Website. The last date for submission of online applications is 07/06/2017.

National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) Noida is looking for dynamic and result oriented candidates for requirement of B.Sc (Agriculture) Degree Holders for the 35 posts of Marketing Representative  for its various Marketing Offices. The last date for submission of online applications is 1st June 2017.

About: NFL (A Government of India Undertaking), a Mini-Ratna and premier Fertilizer Central Public Sector Undertaking engaged in manufacturing and marketing of fertilizers and other agricultural inputs.


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Designation</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Maximum Age Limit</td>
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Marketing Representative</td>
      <td>35</td>
      <td>30 Years as on 30.04.2017 (Age Relaxation as per Govt. Rules)</td>
      <td>₹ 9500- 19500 (W-5)</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualification: Full Time / Regular B.Sc. (Agriculture) degree with minimum 50% marks from a recognized University / Institute.

Registration Fee: Candidates are required to deposit registration fee of ₹ 200/- while applying online for the above post.

Selection Process: Online Test. Eligible candidates will be required to appear for Online objective type test at any one of the centre at Bhopal, Chandigarh, Delhi NCR, Lucknow, Hyderabad or Patna.

About Online Test: The online test will have two parts, Discipline related and Aptitude related. Medium of Test will be in Hindi and English. Duration of test will be 2 hours. The total number of questions will be 150, of one marks each, out of which 100 questions would be from mix of course curriculum of B.Sc. (Agriculture) and 50 questions from General English, Quantitative aptitude, Reasoning & General Knowledge / Awareness. Candidates would be required to score minimum 75 or more marks to be considered for selection in order of merit.

How to Apply: Eligible and interested candidates would be required to apply online only through NFL Official Website. The last date for acceptance of online applications is 01/06/2017.

National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) Noida invites applications for recruitment of Management Trainees (MTs) in Technical Disciplines. Candidates are required to appear in GATE Examination 2017 onwards for being considered for recruitment.


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Post Name</td>
      <td>Disciplines</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Management Trainees (MTs)</td>
      <td>Chemical, Mechanical, Electrical, Instrumentation, Computer / IT and Civil</td>
    </tr>
 </table>
</div>

Selection Process: Based on GATE Exam 2017 Score.

Further Detailed notification will be uploaded soon (OR) Also check out National Fertilizers Official Website.

National Fertilizers Limited (A Government of India Undertaking) is looking for dynamic, result oriented and experienced professionals for post of Senior Manager in Finance and Accounts Discipline. The closing date for receipt of applications is 16th January 2017.


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Age Limit</td>
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Senior Manager (Finance & Accounts)</td>
      <td>06</td>
      <td>45 Years as on 1st November 2016 (Age Relaxation as per Rules)</td>
      <td>E-5 ₹ 32900 - 58000/-</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualification: Member of Institute of Charted Accountants of India or Institute of Cost Accountants of India(CA/CMA) or Two years full time MBA with specialization in Finance. Candidates with dual specialization or General MBA shall not be eligible to apply. MBA specialization should be clearly indicated either on the marks sheet or certificate.

Experience: Minimum 13 years' post qualification experience (as on 01.11.2016) from acquiring the qualification in any Government/ Public Sector/ Autonomous body/ MNC/ Private Organization of which 2 year's shall be in the Pay scale of ₹ 29100-54500 (IDA) or its equivalent grades. PSU or Govt. candidates, presently working in the pay scale of ₹ 32900-58000 (IDA) or equivalent with 13 years' post qualification executive experience may also apply. Candidates from MNC/ Private Organization should have minimum two years' experience at a CTC of ₹ 13.88 Lacs p.a. The Overall experience should be commensurate with the job profile described above.

Selection Process: Personal Interview.

Application Fee: A Demand Draft (DD) of ₹ 1000/- in favour of National Fertilizers Limited payable at New Delhi.

How to Apply: Experienced Finance and Accounts Personnel apply on plain paper attaching therewith bio-data giving details in tabulated form together with self-attested copies of certificates regarding age, date of birth, qualifications (division and percentage of marks obtained, year of passing), post qualification experience (including position held, name of the employers with complete address, nature of duties, period of service, scale of pay, salary drawn) along with self attested copy of SC/ST/OBC/PWD certificate issued in the prescribed proforma and application fee (DD) should reach to Deputy General Manager (HR), National Fertilizers Limited, A-11, Sector-24, Noida - 201 301, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar (UP) latest by 16/01/2017.

National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) (A Government of India Undertaking), Uttar Pradesh invites applications from experienced professionals for recruitment of following Managerial, Secretary and Medical Officer. The last date for submission of application is 26th December 2016.


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Post Name</td>
      <td>No. of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Chief Manager (Law)</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>₹ 36600-62000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Assistant Manager (Law)</td>
      <td>04</td>
      <td>₹ 20600-46500</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Senior Manager (HR)</td>
      <td>03</td>
      <td>₹ 32900-58000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Manager (HR]</td>
      <td>02</td>
      <td>₹ 29100-54500</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Addl. Co. Secretary</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>₹ 32900-58000</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Assistant Manager (Civil)</td>
      <td>05</td>
      <td>₹ 20600-46500</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Medical Officer</td>
      <td>04</td>
      <td>₹ 16400-40500</td>
    </tr>
 </table>
</div>

For detailed notification will be available from 26th November 2016. For details refer Employment News Paper (26 Nov - 02 Dec 2016 Issue). The Last date for receipt of application is 26/12/2016.


National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) (A Government of India Undertaking) is looking for dynamic, result oriented and experienced professional for the post of Full Time Consultant for 'Fertilizer's Import & Port Handling' Business on contractual basis. The last date for receipt of applications is 24th November 2016.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>Age Limit</td>
      <td>Consolidated Remuneration</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Full Time Consultant for 'Fertilizer's Import & Port Handling'</td>
      <td>Not exceed 65 years as on 01.10.2016</td>
      <td>₹ 1,00,000/- p.m.</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualification: Post Graduation degree from a recognized Indian University / Institution. Diploma/ Certificate Course in Export/Import is desirable.

Experience: Overall 20 years' experience in Fertilizer Industry (out of which minimum 5 years' experience in bulk import of Fertilizers and Port Handling as on 01.10.2016 is essential) in any Government / Public Sector/Autonomous Body / Cooperative Sector / MNC/Private Organization.

How to Apply: Application on plain paper attaching therewith bio-data giving complete details together with self - attested copies of certificates regarding date of birth, qualifications, experience including position held, name of employers with complete address, nature of duties, period of service, scale of pay, salary drawn, etc. should reach General Manager (HR), National Fertilizers Limited, A-11, Sector-24, Noida - 201301, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar (Uttar Pradesh) latest by 24/11/2016.

National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) (A Government of India Undertaking) requires General Manager (Finance and Accounts). The last date for receipt of applications is 12th October 20162016.

Notification No. : 2/2016


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancy</td>
      <td>Age Limit</td>
      <td>Scale of Pay</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>General Manager (Finance and Accounts)</td>
      <td>01</td>
      <td>Not exceed 55 Years as on 31/03/2016</td>
      <td>₹ 51300 - 73000</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualification:

Member of Institute of Charted Accountants of India or Institute of Cost Accountants of India(CA/CMA) or Two years full time MBA with specialization in Finance (Candidates with dual specialization or General MBA shall not be eligible to apply. MBA specialization should be clearly indicated either on the marks sheet or certificate).

Experience: Minimum 23 years post qualification experience (as on 31.03.2016) from acquiring the qualification in any Government/ Public Sector/ Autonomous body/ MNC/ Private Organization of which 1 year's shall be in the Pay scale of Rs. 43200-66000 (IDA) or its equivalent grades. Candidates from MNC/ Private Organizations should have 1 year's experience at a minimum CTC of Rs. 20.19 Lakhs (approx) per annum. The Overall experience should be commensurate with the job profile described above.

How to Apply: Application on plain paper attaching therewith bio-data giving details in tabulated form together with self-attested copies of certificates regarding age, date of birth, qualifications, division and percentage of marks obtained, year of passing, experience including position held, name of the employers with complete address, nature of duties, period of service, scale of pay, salary drawn along with self attested copy of SC/ST certificate issued in the prescribed proforma and demand draft (DD) of ₹ 1000/- in favour of National Fertilizers Limited, New Delhi (SC/ST candidates are exempted from application fee ) should reach General Manager (HR), National Fertilizers Limited, A-11, Sector-24, Noida - 201 301, Distt. Gautam Budh Nagar (Uttar Pradesh) latest by 05/09/2016 (Extended up to 12/10/2016).


National Fertilizers Limited (NFL) (A Govt of India Undertaking) invites applications from young Graduates for recruitment posts of Office Assistant, Accounts Assistant and Marketing Representative for its various Units / Offices. The last date for submission of applications is 19th July 2016.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Office Assistant Grade-III</td>
      <td>20 (Nangal Unit Punjab – 03, Bathinda Unit Punjab – 03, Panipat Unit Haryana – 03, Vijaipur Unit MP – 04, C.O. Noida – 04, Marketing Division – 03)</td>
      <td>₹ 9000 - 16400</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Accounts Assistant</td>
      <td>28 (Bathinda Unit Punjab – 05, Panipat Unit Haryana – 07, Vijaipur Unit MP – 02, C.O. Noida – 04, Marketing Division – 10)</td>
      <td>₹ 9000 - 16400</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Marketing Representative</td>
      <td>30 (Marketing Division)</td>
      <td>₹ 9500 - 19500</td>
    </tr>
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualification:

Office Assistant -> Any Graduate Degree. 
Accounts Assistant -> Degree in Commerce (B.Com.) 
Marketing Representative -> B.Sc. Degree in Agriculture.

Upper Age Limit: 30 Years as on closing date. Age Relaxation as per Govt. Rules.

Selection Process: Online Written Test. Eligible candidates will be required to appear for objective type written test at any one of the centre at Bhopal, Chandigarh, Delhi & NCR, Lucknow,Panipat and Gwalior.

The written test will be in two parts, Discipline related part and Aptitude part. Medium of Test will be in Hindi and English. Duration of test will be 2 hours. The total number of questions will be 150 out of which 100 questions would be from mix of course curriculum of qualifying degree of relevant discipline and 50 questions (common for all posts) from General English, Quantitative aptitude, Reasoning & General Knowledge / Awareness.

How to Apply: Eligible and Interested Candidates would be required to Apply Online through NDL Careers Page on or before 19/07/2016. For any queries candidates may contact 91-9840538264 / 91-8754000937 (10:00 AM to 06:00 PM).



