---
layout: post
title:  "SINP Recruitment 2018 Faculty, Technical, Administrative Posts (31 Vacancies)"
date:   2017-12-13 10:51:46 +0530
categories: other-india
---

Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics (SINP) invites application from eligible Indian Nationals for faculty recruitment of Associate Professor-E on Direct Recruitment Basis. The last date for receipt of applications is 15th February 2018.

About: Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics, An Autonomous Research Institute under the Department of Atomic Energy, Government of India.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>   
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Associate Professor - E</td>
      <td>12</td>   
      <td>Level 12 [pre-revised PB-3 of ₹ 15600-39100/- + ₹ 7600/- (Grade Pay)] as per 7th CPC. D.A., H.R.A. and Transport Allowance etc. will be admissible as per the rules of this Institute.</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>




Age Limit: Preferably below 40 Years as on 15th February 2018. Age relaxation as per Govt. rules.

Vacancy Divisions: Applied Nuclear Physics Division - 01, AstroParticle Physics & Cosmology Division - 01, Biophysics and Structural Genomics Division - 01, Condensed Matter Physics Division - 01, Crystallography & Molecular Biology - 01, High Energy Nuclear & Particle Physics Division - 01, Nuclear Physics Division - 02, Plasma Physics Division - 02, Surface Physics and Material Science Division - 01, Theory Division - 01.

Essential Qualifications:

(1) Candidates with Ph.D. degree with at least two years of post-doctoral experience with some recognition amongst scientists in his/her area of specialization by the merit or his/her publications. 


(2) The candidate should have proven ability of guiding research  of junior workers, ability to communicate and interact with other scientists, and flexibility of outlook and attitude to take independent charge of assigned sub areas belonging to a major project or broad area of research of the Institute.
How to Apply: Application should be made by sending three copies of the Application Form (in the prescribed proforma) with a list of publications, cumulative important reprints, impact factors citation, research plan for future work, self attested copies of relevant certificates/testimonials to the Registrar, Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics , 1/ AF, Bidhannagar, Kolkata-700 064 within 15/02/2018. The candidates are requested to arrange for letters of recommendations of at least three referees (in sealed envelope appropriately marked confidential) which may either accompany the application or may be sent directly to the Registrar, Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics , 1/ AF, Bidhannagar, Kolkata-700 064 within 15/02/2018. The names and addresses (including e-mail) of these referees should be mentioned in the CV. Outer cover of the application should be marked as 'Application for the post of Associate Professor-E for _______ Division as the case may be'.  Application and the recommendations of the referees may also be sent by e-mail. All emails/ communications must be addressed to estt.officer@saha.ac.in.


[Notification and Application Form](http://www.saha.ac.in/web/portal/applications/vacancy/file/Faculty%20Recruitment.pdf)



Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics (SINP) invites applications from eligible Indian Nationals for recruitment of various Technical and Administrative Posts on Direct Recruitment Basis. The last date of receiving the application is 29th December 2017.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Engineer -C</td>
      <td>03</td>   
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Scientific Assistant -B</td>
      <td>06</td>   
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Technician -B</td>
      <td>06</td>   
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Lower Division Clerk (LDC)</td>
      <td>04</td>   
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>

Age Limit: Between 18 and 27 years for Technician ‘B’ & LDC, 30 years for Scientific Assistant-‘B’ and 35 years for Engineer ‘C’.

Educational Qualifications:

Engineer 'C' -> 1st class Graduate (60% marks) in B.E./ B.Tech. with 2 years’ relevant experience after obtaining requisite qualification OR M.Tech. (after B.E. or M.Sc.) after obtaining requisite qualification.

Scientific Assistant 'B' -> Diploma/Licentiate Engineering (3 years after secondary) with 6 years’ of relevant experience after obtaining requisite qualification [Civil/Electrical].

Technician 'B' -> Higher Secondary (at least 50% marks with science & mathematics) after obtaining requisite qualification OR Secondary (Minimum 60% marks) with 4 years’ relevant experience after obtaining requisite qualification OR 3 years relevant experience after obtaining requisite qualification (ITI certificates based on a curriculum of one year duration), OR 2 years relevant experience after obtaining requisite qualification (ITI certificates based on a curriculum of two years duration).

LDC -> Graduate Degree with H.S. passed in English and Maths with atleast 3 years’ experience in routine office work AND a typing speed of 35 w.p.m. in English corresponding to computer typing speed of 10500 KDPH on an average of 5 key depressions for each word.

Application Fee: ₹ 300/- only should be submitted in the form of demand draft in favour of Registrar, Saha Institute of Nuclear Physics payable at Kolkata. All Women candidates and candidates belonging to Physically Handicapped, and Ex-Servicemen are exempted from paying application fee, as per extant government orders. SC/ST employees are exempted from paying application fee for the posts reserved for them only.

How to Apply: Eligible Interested candidates must apply online. Candidates applying for more than one post should apply separate. The last date for submission of online applications is 29/12/2017 up to 3:00 PM.



[Advertisement](http://www.saha.ac.in/web/portal/applications/vacancy/file/Offline_Online_advt.pdf)

[Offline Application](http://www.saha.ac.in/web/portal/applications/vacancy/file/Offline_Application_Format.pdf)

[Online Application](http://www.saha.ac.in/web/job-opportunities?id=1853)



