---
layout: post
title:  "BPSC Recruitment 2017 Assistant Engineer, 63rd CCE (1700 Vacancies Opening)"
date:   2017-12-03 09:48:46 +0530
categories: bihar
---

Bihar Public Service Commission has published Re-Advertisement notification for the Post of Assistant Engineer (Civil and Mechanical) with various departments, Government of Bihar. The last date for submission of online applications is 6th December 2017.


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>Total Vacancies</td>
      <td>Pay Scale</td>
      <td>Advertisement No.</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Assistant Engineer (Civil) in Various Departments</td>
      <td>1237</td>
      <td>₹ 9300 - 34800 + Grade Pay ₹ 5400/-</td>
      <td>02/2017</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Assistant Engineer (Mechanical) in Various Departments</td>
      <td>102</td>
      <td>₹ 9300 - 34800 + Grade Pay ₹ 5400/-</td>
      <td>03/2017</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Assistant Engineer (Civil) in Animal and Fisheries Resources</td>
      <td>06</td>
      <td>₹ 9300 - 34800 + Grade Pay ₹ 4200/-</td>
      <td>04/2017</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>





Age Limit: Minimum 21 Years and Maximum 37 Years as on 1st August 2017. The Upper age relaxation as per Govt. Rules.

Educational Qualification: Engineering Graduate or 03 Years Diploma in concerned (Civil / Mechanical) Engineering Discipline from Govt. Recognized University / Institute.

Selection Process: Preliminary Examination, Main Examination and Interview.

Application Fee: ₹ 259/- for SC/ST Candidates of Bihar State and ₹ 259/- 809/- for All Other Category and Other State Candidates. The fee made through Bank Challan in any branch of State Bank of India.


How to Apply: Eligible Interested Candidates apply in the prescribed Application Proforma. The duly filled applications along with photo-copies of documents addressed to the Joint Secretary-Cum-Examination Controller, Bihar Public Service Commission 15, Jawahar Lal Nehru Marg (BailEy Road), Patna-800001 on or before 06/12/2017 up to 5:00 PM.


[Advertisement](http://bpsc.bih.nic.in/Advt/Re-Advt-02-03-04-2017-AE.pdf)

[Application Form and Bank Challan](http://bpsc.bih.nic.in/)
