---
layout: post
title:  "DNS Bank Recruitment 2017 Assistant Manager (40 Vacancies)"
date:   2017-12-03 09:49:46 +0530
categories: other-india
---

DNS Bank invites online applications from Graduates for fill 40 positions in Assistant Manager cadre at various locations pan Maharashtra, in phase manner. The DNS bank Recruitment 2018 Online registration close on 4th December 2017.

About: Dombivli Nagari Sahakari Bank Ltd. (DNS Bank), a Multi-state Scheduled Co-operative Bank and one of the leading Co-operative Banks in India presently having 62 branches in operation all over Maharashtra and opening seven more branches during current financial year, planning to enter into some other states in near future on its journey towards growth.


Name of the Post: Assistant Manager

No of Vacancies: 40

Age Limit: Minimum 21 years and Maximum 28 years. i.e. a candidate must have been born not earlier than 02.11.1989 and not later than 01.11.1996 (both dates inclusive). The Relaxation in Maximum Age is allowed upto 5 years for SC, ST, OBC, BC and NT candidates.

Educational Qualification:

(1) Any Graduate Degree in Arts and science Discipline from a recognized University. However, the candidates with Degree (Graduation) in faculty of Engineering, Medical, Para Medical, Technical Graduation or Diploma shall not be allowed to participate in the process and their candidature shall not be permitted. 


(2) Computer Literacy: Operating and working knowledge in Computer Systems is mandatory i.e. candidate should have Certificate/ Diploma in computer operations/ Language/ should have studied Computer / Information Technology as one of the subjects in the High School/ College/ Institute.
Selection Process: Online Examination and Interview. The Tests (Objective type) will be available only in English. DNS Bank reserves the right to modify the structure of the examination which will be intimated through its official website.


<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the test</td>
      <td>No of Questions</td>
      <td>Maximum Marks</td>
      <td>Time allotted for each test (Separately timed)</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>General/ Financial Awareness</td>
      <td>50</td>
      <td>50</td>
      <td>35 minutes</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>General English</td>
      <td>40</td>
      <td>40</td>
      <td>35 minutes</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Reasoning Ability & Computer Aptitude</td>
      <td>50</td>
      <td>60</td>
      <td>45 minutes</td>
    </tr> 
     <tr>
      <td>Quantitative Aptitude</td>
      <td>50</td>
      <td>50</td>
      <td>45 minutes</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Total =</td>
      <td>190</td>
      <td>200</td>
      <td>160 minutes</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>




Exam Centers: The examination will be tentatively conducted online in venues across Thirteen centres i.e. in Mumbai (including Greater Mumbai/Navi Mumbai), Thane, Pune, Nagpur, Jalgaon, Satara, Sangli, Nashik, Aurangabad, Ratnagiri, Kankavali, Ahmednagar and Kolhapur.

Application Fee: ₹ 500/- (including GST) for SC / ST / OBC / BC / NT candidates and ₹ 600/- (including GST) for all other (General) candidates. The payment can be made by using Debit Cards (RuPay/ Visa/ MasterCard/ Maestro), Credit Cards, Internet Banking, IMPS, Cash Cards/ Mobile Wallets.


How to Apply: Eligible Candidates can apply online through DNS Bank Online Recruitment Portal on or before 04/12/2017.

Important Dates:

Last date for submission of Online Registration -> 04/12/2017 

Download of Call letter for Examination -> 31/12/2017 

Online Examination -> In the month of January 2018 

Declaration of result status of examination -> 3 days after conducting of Online examination 

Download of call letters for Interview -> 15 days after declaration of result 

Conduct of Interview -> 3 days after last date of downloading interview call letters

[Detailed Advertisement](http://dnsbank.in//Encyc/2017/11/17/Recruitment-for-the-post-of-Assistant-Manager.aspx)

[Apply Online](http://ibps.sifyitest.com/dnsastmnov17/) 


