---
layout: post
title:  "NTPC Recruitment 2018 Head, Executive Trainees through GATE 2018"
date:   2017-12-03 09:59:46 +0530
categories: other-india
---

NTPC Limited is looking for experienced senior professionals for engagement of Head of Mining, Head of Law and Head of Information Technology on Fixed Term Contract Basis for a period of 03 Years. The Online registration open from 1st December 2017 and close on 21st December 2017.

Advertisement No. - 02/17

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>Qualification and Experience</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Head of Mining</td>
      <td>Graduate in Mining Engineering with First Class Mine Manager's Certificate. 25 years of post-qualification experience in the executive cadre in the relevant area in a Govt/Public Sector Undertaking or private company of repute.</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Head of Law</td>
      <td>Full time Degree in Law from recognized Indian university/institute. Candidates with Post Graduate Degree in Law having specialization in Company Law will have an added advantage. 23 years of post-qualification experience in the executive cadre in the relevant area in a Govt/ Public Sector Undertaking or private company of repute. Experience of working in a Solicitor's / Advocate Firm of repute after enrolment with the Bar Council would be an added advantage.</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Head of Information Technology</td>
      <td>Full time B.E./B.Tech. degree in Computer Science/ Information Technology from recognized Indian university/ institute. 23 years of post-qualification experience in the executive cadre in the relevant area in a Govt./ Public Sector Undertaking or private company of repute.</td>
    </tr> 
 </table>
</div>





Age Limit: Preferably below 55 years of age. Relaxation of age may be considered in deserving cases.

Monthly Compensation:

For Head of Mining -> Consolidated fixed monthly pay of ₹ 6,00,000/- 


For Head of Law/ Head of IT -> Consolidated fixed monthly pay of ₹ 5,00,000/-
Eligible Indian Nationals apply online through NTPC Careers Portal. The last date for registration of online application is 21/12/2017.

[Notification](http://open.ntpccareers.net/2017MLIT/index_files/adeng.pdf)

[Apply Online](http://open.ntpccareers.net/2017MLIT/index.php)

