---
layout: post
title:  "FCI Haryana Recruitment 2017 Watchman (380 Vacancies)"
date:   2017-12-03 08:48:46 +0530
categories: hariyana
---

The Food Corporation of India (FCI), Haryana Regional Office, Panchkula invites online application for the post of Watchman for fill up 380 Vacancies for positioning in its Depots and Offices under Haryana Region. The last date for online application is 4th December 2017.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <tr>
      <td>Name of the Post</td>
      <td>No of Vacancies</td>
      <td>Age Limit (as on 01/08/2017)</td>
      <td>Scale of Pay (IDA Pattern)</td>
    </tr> 
    <tr>
      <td>Watchman</td>
      <td>380 (11 Reserved for PWD)</td>
      <td>18 to 25 Years (Upper Age Relaxation as per Govt. Rules)</td>
      <td>S-1 ₹ 8100 – 18070/-</td>
    </tr>  
 </table>
</div>



Educational Qualification: Middle Standard Pass (8th Class Pass) / Matric. Candidates who are appearing at the qualifying exam or their proof of passing/ result is not declared on or before 01.08.2017 are NOT ELIGIBLE for applying for the post.

Selection Process: Written Test and Physical Endurance Test (PET). The written test will be Bilingual (i.e. Hindi & English Language) in the offline mode. The said test will be of 2 hours and shall have 120 Objective type questions in General Knowledge, Current Affairs, Reasoning and Numerical Ability. All 120 Multiple Choice Questions will carry equal 01 mark. No negative mark for wrong answer. The PET which is qualifying in nature will be held based on the result of written examination Events & Standard of Physical Endurance Test (PET).

Application Fee: ₹ 250/- (Excluding Bank Charges) pay through SBI Internet Banking / Other Major Bank's Internet Banking / Debit / Credit Cards OR Bank e-Challan. The fee exempted for SC/ ST/ PWD/ EX-SERVICEMAN Candidates.

How to Apply: Eligible Interested Candidates are required to be apply online through FCI Haryana Apply Portal. The last date for submission of online registration is 04/12/2017 till 23:59 Hours IST.

[Detailed Advertisement](http://fciharapply.com/Images/FCI_2017_Prospectus.pdf)

[	Online Registration](http://fciharapply.com/)
