---
layout: post
title:  "Central Bank of India Recruitment 2018 – 17 Security Officers Vacancy"
date:   2017-12-18 10:42:46 +0530
categories: other-india
---

Central Bank of India Invites applications for the post of 17 Security Officers in Middle

Management Group (MMG), Scale II (Specialist Category). Apply before 22 December 2017. Qualification/ eligibility Conditions, how to apply & other rules are given below….

Central Bank Job Details :

Post Name : Security Officers

No. of  Vacancy : 17 Posts

Pay Scale : Rs. 31705-45950/-

Eligibility Criteria for Central Bank Recruitment :

Educational Qualification : Degree in any discipline from a recognized university or any equivalent qualification recognized as such by the Central Government and Ex-Commissioned Officers of the Rank of Captain or above from Indian Army with minimum 5 years’ service or equivalent rank from Air Force, Navy and Para Military Forces.

Age Limit : Maximum age limit is 45 years as 31.10.2017

Job Location : All India

Central Bank Selection Process : Selection will be based on-line test and interview.

Application Fee : SC/ST candidates have to pay Rs.50/- and Rs.550/- for all Others through Debit Cards (RuPay/Visa/MasterCard/Maestro), Credit Cards, Internet Banking, IMPS, Cash Cards/ Mobile Wallets by providing information as asked on the screen.

How to Apply Central Bank Vacancy : Interested Candidates may apply Online through https://www.centralbankofindia.co.in 15.12.2017 to 01.01.2018.

Important Dates to Remember :

Starting Date for Submission of Online Application : 15.12.2017

Last Date for Submission of Online Application : 01.01.2018

Tentative Date of On-line Examination : 28.01.2018

Important Links :

[Details Advertisement Link](https://www.centralbankofindia.co.in/pdf/Final-Ad-SECURITY-OFFICER-IBPS.pdf)

[Apply Online](http://ibps.sifyitest.com/cbisom2dec17/)

Central Bank of India Recruitment – Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) Vacancy – Last Date 22 December 2017

Central Bank of India Invites applications for the post of Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) in the rank of Deputy General Manager in Specialist Category (Top Executive Grade ). Apply before 22 December 2017. Qualification/ eligibility Conditions, how to apply & other rules are given below….

Central Bank Job Details :

Post Name : Chief Information Security Officer (CISO)

No. of  Vacancy : Not Specified

Pay Scale : Rs. 68680-76520/-

Eligibility Criteria for Central Bank Recruitment :

Educational Qualification : Engineering Graduate (BE/B. Tech) from a Recognised University with specialisation in Information Security/ It Risk Management/ Information Assurance/ Cyber Security & Digital Threat Management.

Age Limit : Minimum & Maximum age limit is 28 to 50 years as 31.10.2017

Job Location : Mumbai (Maharashtra)

Central Bank Selection Process : Selection will be based on personal interaction and the decision of the Bank in this regard shall be final.

Application Fee : Candidates have to pay Rs.1000/-  through Demand Draft drawn on any

Nationalised/Scheduled Bank drawn in favour of “Central Bank of India- Recruitment of CISO” and

payable at Mumbai.

How to Apply Central Bank Vacancy : Interested Candidates may apply in prescribed application from along with Self attested copy of relevant documents send to General Manager- HRD, Central Bank of India, Chander Mukhi, 17th floor, Nariman Point Mumbai- 400 021 on or before 22.12.2017

Important Dates to Remember :

Last Date for Submission of Application form : 22.12.2017

Important Links :

[Details Advertisement & Application form Link](https://www.centralbankofindia.co.in/pdf/ADV_CISO.pdf)
