---
layout: post
title:  "WBPDCL Recruitment 2017 Mining Personnel (06 Vacancies)"
date:   2017-11-26 15:42:46 +0530
categories: west-bengal
---

The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL) (A Govt. of West Bengal Enterprise) intends to engage experienced mining personnel for mining activities of the Coal Mines of the Company spread across West Bengal and Jharkhand. The last date for submission of applications is 30th November 2017.

Employment Notification No.: WBPDCL/Recruitment/2017/07

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead>
      <tr>
        <td>Name of the Post</td>
	<td>No of Vacancy</td>
	<td>Age Limit</td>
	<td>Pay Scale</td>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
	<td>Agent (Contractual)</td>
	<td>04</td>
	<td>Maximum 62 years</td>
	<td>-</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>General Manager (Mining)</td>
	<td>01</td>
	<td>52-58 Years</td>
	<td>₹ 37400 - 67000 with Grade Pay of ₹ 8900</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Deputy General Manager (Mining)</td>
	<td>01</td>
	<td>52-58 Years</td>
	<td>₹ 37400 - 67000 with Grade Pay of ₹ 8700</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
 </table>
</div>


Educational Qualification and Experience:

Agent -> Full time 4 years B.E. or B. Tech. Degree / Integrated M.Tech. / Dual-degree B.Tech - M.Tech programme / B.Sc. - B.Tech. B.Tech. through lateral entry in Mining Engineering from any institute approved / recognized by the UGC, AICTE with 1st Class Manager's Certificate of Competency under the CMR, 1957. Diploma in Safety Management from an Institute of repute is desirable. At least 18 years post qualification experience.

General Manager (Mining) -> Full time 4 years B.E. or B. Tech. Degree / Integrated M. Tech. / Dual-degree B. Tech - M. Tech. programme / B. Sc. - B. Tech. B. Tech. through lateral entry in Mining Engineering from any institute approved / recognized by the UGC, AICTE with 1st Class Manager's Certificate of Competency under the CMR, 1957. Diploma in Safety Management from an Institute of repute is desirable. At least 22 years post qualification experience.

DGM (Mining) -> Full time 4 years B.E. or B. Tech. Degree / Integrated M. Tech. / Dual-degree B. Tech - M. Tech. programme / B. Sc. - B. Tech. B. Tech. through lateral entry in Mining Engineering from any institute approved / recognized by the UGC, AICTE with 1st Class Manager's Certificate of Competency under the CMR, 1957. Diploma in Safety Management from an Institute of repute is desirable. At least 18 years post qualification experience.

Selection Process: Shortlisted candidates will be required to appear for Personal Interview. The interview will be held in Kolkata Only.

How to Apply: Eligible candidates may send hard copy resume as per prescribed application format along with covering letter addressed to 'The Director (HR), WBPDCL, Plot No. 3/C, LA-Block, Sector-III, Bidhannagar, Kolkata - 700098' on or before 30/11/2017. Soft copy in .docx format may also be email to recruitment@wbpdcl.co.in.

[Details and Application Form](http://wbpdcl.co.in/admin/upload_img/2017-11-08_10:40:14amWBPDCL_Recruitment_2017_2018_07.pdf)

The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited intends to engage experienced Mining Personnel for the post of Advisor (Mining), General Manager (Mining) and DGM (Mining) for mining activities of the Coal Mines of the Company spread across West Bengal and Jharkhand. The last date for submission of application is 12th October 2017.

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead>
      <tr>
	<td>Name of the Post</td>
	<td>No of Vacancy</td>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
	<td>Advisor (Mining) (Contractual)</td>
	<td>01</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>General Manager (Mining)</td>
	<td>01</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Deputy General Manager (Mining)</td>
	<td>01</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
 </table>
</div>


Eligible candidates may send hard copy of resume as per prescribed format along with covering letter addressed to the Director (HR), Corporate Office, WBPDCL, 'Bidyut Unnayan Bhaban' Plot No. 3/C, LA Block, Sector - III, Salt Lake City, Kolkata - 700098. Soft copy of resume in .docx format may also be emailed to recruitment@wbpdcl.co.in within 12/10/2017.

The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL) invites applications from retired Police Officers in the rank of Deputy Superintendent of Police or above to appear for Walk-In-Interview for engagement as Senior Executive (Security) on contractual basis (Initially for 01 Year) for its Power Stations / Project. The Police Officers of the above mentioned rank to retire within 31st December 2017 may also appear for Walk-In-Interview. The Walk in Interview scheduled to be held on 13th October 2017.

Employment Notification No.: WBPDCL/Recruitment/2017-2018/05

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead>
      <tr>
	<td>Name of the Post</td>
	<td>No of Vacancies</td>
	<td>Age Limit</td>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
	<td>Senior Executive (Security)</td>
	<td>04</td>
	<td>Maximum 62 years as on 01/09/2017</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
 </table>
</div>


Interested candidates are requested to come with filled in application in prescribed format along with two copies of recent passport size photographs, copies of certificates / testimonials in support of proof of age, qualification, experience and last pay certificate, addressed to the General Manager (HR&A), Corporate Office, WBPDCL, 'Bidyut Unnayan Bhaban' Plot No. 3/C, LA Block, Sector - III, Salt Lake City, Kolkata - 700098, at the time of Interview.

Date & Time of Walk in Interview -> 13/10/2017 (Friday) at 11.00 am 


Walk in Interview Venue -> Corporate Office, WBPDCL, 'Bidyut Unnayan Bhaban' Plot No. 3/C, LA Block, Sector - III, Bidhannagar, Kolkata - 700098.
The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL) intends to engage Medical Officers for filling up 14 Vacancies through Walk in Interview for its Power Stations / Projects located at different places across West Bengal. The Walk in Interview scheduled to be held on 14th July 2017.

Employment Notification No.: WBPDCL/Recruitment/2017-2018/04

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead>
      <tr>
	<td>Name of the Post</td>
	<td>No of Vacancies</td>
	<td>Age Limit</td>
	<td>Compensation</td>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
	<td>Medical Officer</td>
	<td>14</td>
	<td>18 to 32 years as on 01.06.2017. The Upper Age limit is relaxable by 05 years for SC / ST, 03 years for OBC (Non Creamy Layer) as per norms.</td>
	<td>₹ 15600 - Rs. 39100 with Grade Pay of ₹ 5400/-</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
 </table>
</div>

Educational Qualification: MBBS degree recognized by the Medical Council of India and registered with Medical Council of India / West Bengal Medical Council.

The Walk in Interviews shall be held on 14/07/2017 (Friday) from 10.30 A.M. at the Bidyut Unnayan Bhavan, Block- LA, Plot N0.-3/C, Sector-III, Bidhannagar, Kolkata-700098. The Candidates are requested to come with filled in application form with two recent passport size photographs, self attested copies of Class X / Matriculation Certificate (Proof of age), educational certificates, mark sheet of MBBS Degree, Registration Certificate issued by Medical Council of India / West Bengal Medical Council and other relevant certificates alongwith original testimonials.

The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL) (A Govt. of West Bengal Enterprise) invites applications from experienced professionals with impeccable performance record, outstanding professional competency and demonstrable leadership for the positions of Executive Director in different disciplines. The closing date for receipt of applications is 21st June 2017.

Employment Notification No. WBPDCL/Recruitment/2017-2018/03

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead>
      <tr>
	<td>Name of the Post</td>
	<td>No of Vacancy</td>
	<td>Qualification and Experience (From any Govt. Institute / University)</td>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
	<td>Executive Director (Fuel Management)</td>
	<td>01</td>
	<td>Graduate in Engineering (Electrical/ Mechanical/ Mining) with 20 Years post qualification experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Executive Director (Projects & Planning</td>
	<td>01</td>
	<td>Graduate in Engineering (Civil/ Electrical/ Mechanical/ Instrumentation) with 20 years post qualification experience. MBA in the respective field.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Executive Director (F&A)</td>
	<td>01</td>
	<td>Graduate in any discipline with membership of the Institute of Chartered / Cost Accountants of India (ACA / ACMA) with 20 Years post qualification experience.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Executive Director (Operation Service)</td>
	<td>01</td>
	<td>Graduate in Engineering (Electrical/ Mechanical/ Instrumentation/ Instrumentation & Control  Engg.) with 20 years post qualification experience.</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
 </table>
</div>


Age Limit: 52 to 58 years for all above posts as on 01.05.2017.

Compensation: ₹ 37,400 - 67,000/- with Grade pay of ₹ 10,000/-

Selection Process: Shortlisted candidates shall be required to appear for Personal Interview, to be held in Kolkata only.

How to Apply: Eligible candidates send their resume as per prescribed format along with a covering letter addressed to the Director (HR), The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited, Bidyut Unnayan Bhaban, Plot No. 3/C, LA-Block, Sector-III, Bidhannagar, Kolkata - 700098 and (2) email the resume as per prescribed format at recruitment@wbpdcl.co.in within 21/06/2017.

The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL) intends to engage experienced mining personnel for the following positions on Contractual Basis for a period of 03 Years subject to satisfactory performance evaluation at the end of each year, for its Mining activities spread across West Bengal and Jharkhand. The Walk in Interview scheduled to be held on 25th May 2017.

Employment Notification No.: WBPDCL/Recruitment/2017-2018/01

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead>
      <tr>
	<td>Name of Post</td>
	<td>No of Vacancy</td>
	<td>Consolidated Remuneration</td>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
	<td>Mine Manager</td>
	<td>02</td>
	<td>₹ 60,000/-</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Assistant Mine Manager</td>
	<td>03</td>
	<td>₹ 50,000/-</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Safety Officer</td>
	<td>04</td>
	<td>₹ 50,000/-</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Blasting Officer</td>
	<td>03</td>
	<td>₹ 36,000/-</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Survey Officer</td>
	<td>02</td>
	<td>₹ 50,000/- for 10 Years Exp. / ₹ 36,000/- for 08 Years for Exp.</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Surveyor</td>
	<td>04</td>
	<td>₹ 32,000/-</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
	<td>Welfare Officer</td>
	<td>05</td>
	<td>₹ 36,000/-</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
 </table>
</div>



Educational Qualification and Experience:

Mine Manager ->

(1) B.E. / B. Tech. in Mining Engineering from any recognized university or reputed Institute approved by the AICTE with 1st Class Mine Manager's Certificate. 
(2) 5 years as Mine Manager out of which 3 years in open cast coal mine.

Assistant Mine Manager ->

(1) B.E. / B. Tech. in Mining Engineering from any recognized university or reputed Institute approved by the AICTE with at least 2nd Class Mine Manager's Certificate. 
(2) 4 years as Assistant Manager out of which 2 years in open cast coal mine.

Safety Officer ->

(1) B.E. / B. Tech. in Mining Engineering from any recognized university or reputed Institute approved by the AICTE with 1st Class Mine Manager's Certificate. 
(2) 4 years as Assistant Manager / Safety Officer out of which 2 years in open cast mine.

Blasting Officer ->

(1) Diploma in Mining Engineering from any institute recognized by the AICTE with at least 2nd Class Mine Manager's Certificate. 
(2) 3 years in open cast coal mine as Blasting Officer.

Survey Officer ->

(1) Diploma in Survey from any institute recognized by the AICTE with DGMS Certified Survey Certificate. Advanced Survey Certificate holders shall be preferred. 
(2) 10 years out of which 3 years in open cast mine as Survey Officer. (OR) 8 years out of which 3 years in open cast mine as Survey Officer.

Surveyor ->

(1) Diploma in Survey from any institute recognized by the AICTE with DGMS Certified Survey Certificate. 
(2) 5 years out of which 3 years in open cast mine as Survey.

Welfare Officer ->

(1) Graduate with Degree / Diploma in Social Science / Social Welfare (DSW). 
(2) 5 years out of which 3 years in coal mining as Mine Welfare / Personnel Officer.

Walk In Interviews shall be held on 25/05/2017 at 10.30 A.M. at the Bidyut Unnayan Bhavan, Block- LA, Plot No.-3/C, Sector-III, Bidhannagar, Kolkata-700098. Candidates are requested to come with filled in Application format with two recent passport size photographs, self attested copies of Class X / Matriculation Certificate (Proof of age) & educational certificates and experience certificates from previous employer(s) regarding relevant post qualification experience and other relevant certificates alongwith original testimonials.

The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL), Kolkata invites applications from Indian Nationals (Diploma Holders) as Technician Apprentices under the Apprentices Act, 1961 for imparting training as per provisions of the said act, at its Power Stations / Projects located at different places across West Bengal. The Online registration start from 2nd January 2017 and close on 20th January 2017.

About: WBPDCL, a Government of West Bengal Enterprise, engaged in the business of Generation of Electricity in the State of West Bengal.

Advertisement Notification No.: WBPDCL/Apprentice /2017/01

<div class="table-responsive">
  <table class="table table-bordered">
    <thead>
      <tr>
	<td>Name of the Post</td>
	<td>Total Vacancies</td>
      </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
      <tr>
	<td>Technician Apprentice</td>
	<td>60 (Mechanical – 25, Electrical – 20, Instrumentation / Electronics – 15)</td>
      </tr>
    </tbody>
 </table>
</div>

Period of Apprenticeship Training: 12 months training commencing from execution of the Contract of Apprenticeship.

Age Limit: 18 to 24 Years as on 1st January 2017.

Compensation / Stipend: Apprentices shall be paid stipend as per provisions of the Apprentice Act, 1961 and in reference to notification of the Ministry of Employment and Labour, Directorate General of Employment and Training, Govt, of India issued from time to time. Currently a Stipend of ₹ 3542/- per month as applicable for Technician Apprentice -Diploma Category shall be paid during 01 year Apprenticeship.

Minimum Essential Qualification: 03 Years Full Time Diploma in Mechanical / Electrical Engineering / Electronics and Instrumentation from any institute recognized by the AICTE.

Selection Process: Personal Interview (PI). The Candidates shall be called for Personal Interview (PI) based on percentage of marks achieved in Diploma in Mechanical / Electrical Engineering / Electronics & Instrumentation @ 1:5 ratio taking into consideration the respective reservation norms. The Venue of the Personal Interview (PI) shall be at the "Bidyut Unnayan Bhaban", Plot No. 3/C, LA-Block, Sector-Ill, Bidhannagar, Kolkata - 700 098.

How to Apply: Eligible candidates will be required to apply online through WBPDCL portal Only. The Online submission open from 02/01/2017 to 20/01/2017.


